the
Hello Goodnight
here we are again ready to analyze
those things that the owners of commercial media
they do not want to
we know
now it is also clear
what is the strategy
Of the media
they are trying to plant
in the minds of people
the idea
that the country
is entering a crisis process
frightful terrible
that here will happen
something like what happened
in the venezuela of the fourth republic let's say
year 89
when Carlos Andres Perelló came to the presidency in unleashed that brutal
package of neoliberal measures
that put the whole world
to sweat cold
and in the case of popular sectors
made them go hungry
that's what they're trying to ep from inder to people
falsely
and there they were conchaban
Abidjan is made
newspapers like the national
as the universal
politiquitos of the opposition these malandros type manuel rosales type julio
borges
type bouquets allup
that is to say
the scum the political underworld
and of course
all this obk been
from the United States
No doubt
nike in
in the western world
such industrialized
a crisis is occurring
of more than respectable dimensions
crisis that started being only financial
that is, affecting bank assured
per hundred investment banking
in brokerage firms and brokerage firms
those who handle those who move money
but that at this moment is also affecting
to the real economy
the productive economy
the factory agriculture trade the non-financial services sector
all that
they are starting to get very bad
but very bad
what will be the impact of the crisis in the industrialized world
it is difficult to foresee what
could be
a terminal crisis
for the neoliberal capitalist system
opportunity to be simply
a scare
a scare losses of billions of dollars fuck euro
achieve the government
recover the economy
In our life
that capitalism has many resources
capitalism learned a lot
he has even learned a lot from the crises
because the crisis is a reality
that always threatens capitalist economies
especially when
The route of neoliberalism takes the extreme route
here we have already seen several crises
serious big falls in the bag
but the reality
is that
the governments
they have been able to weather the storm
now gives the impression that they are also here pearl or
and they're going to ride it
by the method that the neoliberals like the most
carrying the full weight of the crisis
over the shoulder of the most fearsome
the poorer the less favored
a person
in that industrialized society
greater will be the relative burden that you will have to endure
that is already clear
but of course
and then what do they do
these bandits
that we have in Venezuela as representatives of the politics of the
U.S
things like this
a while ago he was showing
add
Giving and giving
this is
a supposed
passbook or ration card
and see you
who produces it
and you see the gesture of the hand
when it says vote for a new time
by the way since this is electoral propaganda
it would be good if the cn
will be pronounced around these of muster
for example the rector about it
could perfectly
p study if this thing is legal and this is placed on the back
First
the supposed amounts to which a person with that right is entitled to
rationing
and second and this is the most serious thing this is what I should study about it
and is that the people of a new adecco those who take
they grab an article
d percent
of security and sovereignty adoro alimentary
and they distort what they distort they mutilate
and they try to compare it with the opel text the constitutional reform
that a lie sovereignty
by manuel rosales
and from other thugs like him but in this specific case of the game a
new CD
by the way also for the Lord about it days
see you
advertising
what's wrong with it
a chain of pharmacies
in maracaibo called pharmacies
a new time
here you have it
it's more than a quarter of a page
of panorama
i is a twenty pharmacy pharmacy chain
name
pharmacy a new time
the wolf or the emblem
d the party that signed it peru
by the way what about the pharmacy
we should remember that in a new time in
ubuntu new adecco as that party is called
in a game of adecos
already go with the offspring and worth the redundancy
to dress up they invented another name
because they are ashamed to say that they are adecos
but you are looking at the rationing book
see the title
with which today
Opened
the newspaper of mine
best miguel enrique goalkeeper
affectionately known
like my son or like little else
the national economic council
foresees shortage
rationing
is the title
with the one that opens
Your newspaper
Mr. Bob Bowman
Mr